README.md, before:

# Lavra Response

![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/270672972694552576?label=discord)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/lavrahq/response)

## What is Response?

Response is a powerful platform for roleplaying communities that brings a number of much-needed features at a very
affordable price: free. Response offers features to cohesively bring you the following systems in one platform, backed
by our MIT license, giving you the freedom to edit and make the changes that you see fit.

- Computer Aided Dispatching
- Records Management
- Mobile Data Terminal
- Unit Tracking
- Department & Fleet Management
- Public Announcements
- Penal Codes
- Report Writing & Management
- Realistic Statistics Engine

To learn more about Response and the features outlined above, see the [Response documentation](https://response.lavra.io)
website for more information. 

## Development

We welcome everyone to contribute to help make Response a better product. Response is primary developed by the Lavra
Core team, the team behind the open source projects created at Lavra. All contributor are expected to follow read and
understand the Contributor guidelines [available here](CONTRIBUTING).

## License

Response is [MIT licensed](LICENSE), which gives you the necessary freedoms to use our platform at no required
cost, but also allow you to make changes and redistribute as deemed necessary.

Commit message:

chore(repo): update README.md and add CONTRIBUTING.md
Signed-off-by: Scott Plunkett <scottplunkett15@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Lavra Response

![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/270672972694552576?label=discord)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/lavrahq/response)

## What is Response?

Response is a powerful platform for roleplaying communities that brings a number of much-needed features at a very
affordable price: free. Response offers features to cohesively bring you the following systems in one platform, backed
by our MIT license, giving you the freedom to edit and make the changes that you see fit.

- Computer Aided Dispatching
- Records Management
- Mobile Data Terminal
- Unit Tracking
- Department & Fleet Management
- Public Announcements
- Penal Codes
- Report Writing & Management
- Realistic Statistics Engine

To learn more about Response and the features outlined above, see the [Response documentation](https://response.lavra.io)
website for more information. 

## Contribute

> _TL;DR_ [See our Contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

We encourage anyone and everyone to contribute to our projects. If you can contribute code, please do. If you can't
contribute code, feel free to help us update your documentation, write tutorials, help others use Response, or even
donate to allow us to continue development.

If at any point you feel that you have questions about contributing or about how to contribute, please reach out to
us via an Issue or [our Discord server](https://discord.gg/w9mGSD). There are no bad questions here, but please do
your due diligence in ensuring that your question hasn't been answered elsewhere!

Response is primary developed by the Lavra Core team, the team behind the open source projects created at Lavra.
All contributors are expected to read, understand, and adhere to the Contributor guidelines
[available here](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Be Kind

> _TL;DR_ [See our Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and let us know if someone has mistreated you.

We take this very seriously. Lavra strongly adheres to our chosen [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and we expect
all of our community members and contributors to be kind to one another. If you have an issue with someone in the
community or feel that you have been mistreated, please let us know.

We encourage you to get in touch with the Core team or our Community Liaisons should you have a problem with conduct
from any member of our community. You can bring these to our attention in [out Discord server](https://discord.gg/w9mGSD).

## License

> _TL;DR;_ [Response is MIT licensed](LICENSE)

Response is [MIT licensed](LICENSE), which gives you the necessary freedoms to use our platform at no required
cost, but also allow you to make changes and redistribute as deemed necessary.
